I am going to steal the MEC
we got a grand chase warrior named
runnin stolen a mech what Raman is so
grounded grounded grounded grounded
grounded grounded grounded for life
you
when when one is back home is that your
son who stolen a mech yes
it's Roman a naughty grand chase warrior
who likes Grand Chase and else word
thank you for informing me about that my
work here is done
goodbye you're welcome as you wish
Prince Tuesday
women how do you steal a Mac you know
that it's against the law to trespass to
the US Army Center that's it you're
grounded grounded grounded for five four
nine seven seven five seven nine eight
three two seven two three eight nine two
two four three years
this means no TV no movies no video
games no computer no Dora the Explorer
no grand chase Noel surd no life and
furthermore now it's time for oh ouch
ouch ouch ouch ouch ouch ouch now go to
your room right now and you can forget
about playing grandshaykhs and else word
ye what is done boy
you